Monitoring Improvements -- connecting to Cloud (#2674)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/platform/monitoring/influxdata-platform/_index.md

monitoring solution. No matter what type of data you're using the platform to collect and
store, it's important to monitor the health of your stack and identify any potential issues.

> To **monitor the InfluxDB 2.0 platform**, see how to monitor [InfluxDB 2.0](/influxdb/v2.0/monitor-alert/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **monitor the InfluxDB 2.0 platform**, see [Monitor InfluxDB 2.0](/influxdb/v2.0/monitor-alert/).
```

To **monitor the InfluxData 1.x platform**, see the following pages for information about setting up a 1.x TICK stack that monitors
another OSS or Enterprise TICK stack. They cover different potential monitoring strategies
and visualizing the monitoring data in a way that makes it easy to recognize, alert on,
and address anomalies as they happen.

> [InfluxDB Cloud](/influxdb/cloud/) can be leveraged to monitoring your setup and there are pre-built [InfluxDB templates](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/) 
> which have been created that include Telegraf configurations and Dashboards.  Start using InfluxDB Cloud at no cost with 
> the Free Plan. Use it as much and as long as you like within the plan’s rate-limits. Limits are designed to let you monitor 5-10 sensors, 
> stacks or servers comfortably. So monitoring a single InfluxDB OSS instance or even a modest InfluxDB Enterprise cluster should easily fit 
> within the free plan limits.  Of course, if you exceed the plan-limits because you want finer grained resolution or longer data retention you can always 
> upgrade to the [pay-as-you-go plan](/influxdb/cloud/account-management/pricing-plans/#usage-based-plan).
> 
> Start monitoring your InfluxDB instance by signing up for an [InfluxDB Cloud account here](https://cloud2.influxdata.com/signup).
> 
> {{< children >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leverage [InfluxDB Cloud](/influxdb/cloud/) and pre-built [InfluxDB templates](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/)
to monitoring your InfluxDB setup.
Start using InfluxDB Cloud at no cost with the Free Plan.
Use it as much and as long as you like within the plan’s rate-limits.
Limits are designed to let you monitor 5-10 sensors, stacks or servers comfortably.
Monitoring a single InfluxDB OSS instance or even a modest InfluxDB Enterprise
cluster should easily fit within the free plan limits.
If you exceed the plan-limits because of high resolution data or longer data retention,
upgrade to the [pay-as-you-go plan](/influxdb/cloud/account-management/pricing-plans/#usage-based-plan).

Start monitoring your InfluxDB instance by signing up for an [InfluxDB Cloud account](https://cloud2.influxdata.com/signup).

{{< children >}}
```
